---
title: "LS Central hotfixes - 27.1.9, Release date March 3, 2026 - Hotfixes"
product: LS Central
version: "27.1.9"
subproduct: 
minor_version: "27.1"
date: 2026-03-03 00:00:00+00:00
order: 2
guid: 6e851109612bcfac7007bf5f9dcb80a32566faa5
---

<strong>78843 Showing KDS active on transaction page an list</strong>
<ul><li>Details not available.</li></ul>
<strong>78554 Hotfix 73869 / version 27.0.6 reappeared now with latest version</strong>
<ul><li>There was an issue with currency code being filled in by General Ledger Setup LCY Code when it should not be. This was fixed. </li></ul>
<strong>78529 Mix & Match offer flexibility</strong>
<ul><li>New events were added, <b>OnUpdOfferMMRangeOnBeforeCheckUseQtyNoItemsNeeded</b> and <b>OnCalcMixMatchNewOnBeforeCheckWeightItem.</b></li></ul>
<strong>78503 EventSubscriber needed for LSC POS Post Utility Codeunit - Procedure name FindWorkShift LS Central OnPrem Version 27.1</strong>
<ul><li>New events, <b>OnAfterSetWorkShiftDate</b> and <b>OnBeforeHours</b> were added to <b>LSC POS Post Utility</b> codeunit.</li></ul>
<strong>78477 Integration Event for Transfer Order Creation from Planned Stock Demand</strong>
<ul><li>An integration event <b>OnCreateTOFromPlannedStockDemandOnBeforeProcessTransferLine</b> was added to the codeunit <b>LSC Replen. Create Transf. Ord</b>.</li></ul>
<strong>78410 OnAfterUpdatePaymentBuffer</strong>
<ul><li>New event <b>OnAfterUpdatePaymentBuffer</b> was added to <b>LSC Statement-Post</b> codeunit.</li></ul>
<strong>78345 Remove "Internal" from procedure "UpdateLookupTableQuery" in codeunit "LSC POS Trans. Server Utility"</strong>
<ul><li>Internal was removed from procedure UpdateLookupTableQuery in codeunit <b>LSC POS Trans. Server Utility</b>.</li></ul>
<strong>78293 Support to block Variant in Shopify Product</strong>
<ul><li>Variant can be blocked by add <b>Item Status Link</b> in Retail Item (Related - Master Data - Groups &amp; Links - Item Status). Create a line with Item No and Variant Code and check <b>Blocked on eCommerce.</b></li><li>Depending on <b>Delete Product</b> check in Shopify Administration:<ul><li>Unchecked<ul><li>Product is set with block sale if inventory qty is 0, even if setting allows it.</li><li>Inventory update is always  0 for that variant, when updating inv.</li><li>When unblocked again, product is allowed to sell even with 0 qty (if set to do so) Inv qty is set to correct value when updating inv.</li></ul></li><li>Checked<ul><li>Product is not sent to Shopify. If it already exists, it will be deleted.</li><li>Mapping for the variant is still available in Product mapping, but is not used.</li><li>When unblocked again, variant is sent again, without image.</li><li>Image needs to be updated after.</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Unchecked<ul><li>Product is set with block sale if inventory qty is 0, even if setting allows it.</li><li>Inventory update is always  0 for that variant, when updating inv.</li><li>When unblocked again, product is allowed to sell even with 0 qty (if set to do so) Inv qty is set to correct value when updating inv.</li></ul></li><li>Product is set with block sale if inventory qty is 0, even if setting allows it.</li><li>Inventory update is always  0 for that variant, when updating inv.</li><li>When unblocked again, product is allowed to sell even with 0 qty (if set to do so) Inv qty is set to correct value when updating inv.</li><li>Checked<ul><li>Product is not sent to Shopify. If it already exists, it will be deleted.</li><li>Mapping for the variant is still available in Product mapping, but is not used.</li><li>When unblocked again, variant is sent again, without image.</li><li>Image needs to be updated after.</li></ul></li><li>Product is not sent to Shopify. If it already exists, it will be deleted.</li><li>Mapping for the variant is still available in Product mapping, but is not used.</li><li>When unblocked again, variant is sent again, without image.</li><li>Image needs to be updated after.</li><li>Product pull from Shopify was fixed, to include Image IDs for Item vs Product mapping.</li><li>Shopify Product scheduler update was fixed, to include Item Status Link preactions.</li></ul>
<strong>78216 Event Required to Support Custom CO Panel When CO is Edited</strong>
<ul><li>New event, <b>OnAfterGetCOHeaderInformationFromOrgCOHeader</b> was added to Customer Order Create Panel Codeunit.</li></ul>
<strong>77988 Save IDs.TransactionDateTime value to CardEntry. EFT Trans. Date</strong>
<ul><li>When creating referenced return values, the CardEntry.EFT Trans. Date value is used, but the POS was saving the date/time value to EFT Trans. Time field in Card Entry. The POS now saves the datetime value of the purchase (received from LS Pay) to both fields.</li></ul>
<strong>77611 Commerce Inventory job - COUNTER</strong>
<ul><li>Review of the code to get better performance in this process.</li><li>When the ALL option (Text = ALL) is selected and the Integer field is set to the number of lines in the <b>Inventory Lookup Table</b> to be processed per batch, the Scheduler Job stores the last item number of the batch in the Code field.</li><li>After all lines are processed, the <b>Code field</b> is cleared so the process can restart from the beginning.</li></ul>
<strong>77281 Remove obsolete code for LSC 28.0</strong>
<ul><li>Removing obsolete tables and fields<ul><li>For every major LS Central release, we remove codeunits, procedures, events, pages, and actions that have been obsolete for 12 months, for example if something was marked ObsoleteState=Pending for version 24.0, it is removed in 26.0.</li><li>Microsoft announced that they are cleaning up the database-schema under the hood. This means that <span class="mc-variable Variables.CompanyName variable">LS Retail</span> can follow their cycle and get rid of obsolete Tables and TableFields. For that to work,  the status of Tables and TableFields must be changed from Pending to Removed in releases 30.0, 35.0, 40.0 and so on. In these and the next following major version (31.0, 36.0, 41.0), they are removed from the AL codebase.</li><li>In LS Central version 28.0, code constructs were removed, marked with ObsoleteTag 26.0 and under as usual, but also a preparation of the removal of Tables and TableFields that were left as Pending in previous releases was made.</li><li>Upgrade codeunits can still reference the fields, the data is still in the database in version 27.0, but <b>pragma warning disable AL0432</b> should no longer work and the tables and fields can no longer be used in AL code, unless the code is an upgrade.</li><li>For more information about Microsoft's clean-up, see Essential Clean-Up Guide for Partners: 2025 Release Wave 1.</li></ul></li><li>For every major LS Central release, we remove codeunits, procedures, events, pages, and actions that have been obsolete for 12 months, for example if something was marked ObsoleteState=Pending for version 24.0, it is removed in 26.0.</li><li>Microsoft announced that they are cleaning up the database-schema under the hood. This means that <span class="mc-variable Variables.CompanyName variable">LS Retail</span> can follow their cycle and get rid of obsolete Tables and TableFields. For that to work,  the status of Tables and TableFields must be changed from Pending to Removed in releases 30.0, 35.0, 40.0 and so on. In these and the next following major version (31.0, 36.0, 41.0), they are removed from the AL codebase.</li><li>In LS Central version 28.0, code constructs were removed, marked with ObsoleteTag 26.0 and under as usual, but also a preparation of the removal of Tables and TableFields that were left as Pending in previous releases was made.</li><li>Upgrade codeunits can still reference the fields, the data is still in the database in version 27.0, but <b>pragma warning disable AL0432</b> should no longer work and the tables and fields can no longer be used in AL code, unless the code is an upgrade.</li><li>For more information about Microsoft's clean-up, see Essential Clean-Up Guide for Partners: 2025 Release Wave 1.</li></ul>
<strong>77197 When recalculating item lines, scale item prices cannot be recalculated</strong>
<ul><li>Details not available.</li></ul>
<strong>77196 Add more texts to the Scale Certification Info Dialog</strong>
<ul><li>A new configuration was added to POS Scale Card where the version information displayed on the Scale dialog can be changed. </li><li>These new configurations are called <b>Version information</b> and <b>Additional information</b>. If these configurations are empty then the scale dialog displays the information as it did before.</li></ul>
<strong>75064 Buyer’s Push Performance Improvement</strong>
<ul><li>The performance of the Buyer’s Push functionality was improved when deleting lines.</li></ul>
<strong>74739 Customer Order Details Showing pending Amount</strong>
<ul><li>Calculate Non-Refundable Amount in Posted Customer Order Details Infopanel.</li></ul>
<strong>73423 Retail Transfer Order (item line) - not showing notification when inventory is lower than the entered quantity for the location</strong>
<ul><li>Previously, <b>Retail Transfer Order Line (Item)</b> was not showing notification when inventory was lower than the entered quantity for the location. This was fixed.</li></ul>
