---
title: "LS Central hotfixes - 27.0.10, Release date November 18, 2025 - Hotfixes"
product: LS Central
version: "27.0.10"
subproduct: 
minor_version: "27.0"
date: 2025-11-18 00:00:00+00:00
order: 12
guid: a1ff8aa8b6660b03d0f7197e2a9bcc28f782d1be
---

<strong>74726 Staff Creation/Modification No Longer Triggers Staff Management per Employee License Unit Error</strong>
<ul><li>There was an issue, that was resolved, where creating a new staff record or modifying an existing one would incorrectly trigger a Staff Management per Employee license unit error. What Changed:<ul><li>Removed the automatic update of the Staff Employee table when staff entries were inserted or modified.</li><li>A new manual action was added on the Staff Card that allows users to explicitly sync staff data to the Staff Employee table when needed.</li></ul></li><li>Removed the automatic update of the Staff Employee table when staff entries were inserted or modified.</li><li>A new manual action was added on the Staff Card that allows users to explicitly sync staff data to the Staff Employee table when needed.</li><li>The result:<ul><li>Staff records can now be created or modified without any license-related errors.</li><li>Users retain control over when employee data synchronization occurs.</li></ul></li><li>Staff records can now be created or modified without any license-related errors.</li><li>Users retain control over when employee data synchronization occurs.</li></ul>
<strong>74654 AL: Fix Discount error</strong>
<ul><li>There was an issue with discount indexing that caused duplicate error during Shopify Order import. This was fixed. </li></ul>
<strong>74241 New Replenishment Integration Events</strong>
<ul><li>The following integration events have been added to the relevant Replenishment objects:<ul><li>Table <b>LSC Replen. Item Store Rec</b><ul><li>Integration event OnReturnReplItemStoreRecOnAfterActiveReplenishmItemStoreSetFilter</li></ul></li><li>Codeunit <b>LSC Replen. - Calc. Qtys</b><ul><li>Integration event OnProcessRIQItemOnBeforeProcessRecord, accessible through the public codeunit<b> LSC Replen. Calc. Qtys Public.</b></li><li>Procedure ProcessRecord exposed as public, accessible through the public codeunit <b>LSC Replen. Calc. Qtys Public</b>.</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Table <b>LSC Replen. Item Store Rec</b><ul><li>Integration event OnReturnReplItemStoreRecOnAfterActiveReplenishmItemStoreSetFilter</li></ul></li><li>Integration event OnReturnReplItemStoreRecOnAfterActiveReplenishmItemStoreSetFilter</li><li>Codeunit <b>LSC Replen. - Calc. Qtys</b><ul><li>Integration event OnProcessRIQItemOnBeforeProcessRecord, accessible through the public codeunit<b> LSC Replen. Calc. Qtys Public.</b></li><li>Procedure ProcessRecord exposed as public, accessible through the public codeunit <b>LSC Replen. Calc. Qtys Public</b>.</li></ul></li><li>Integration event OnProcessRIQItemOnBeforeProcessRecord, accessible through the public codeunit<b> LSC Replen. Calc. Qtys Public.</b></li><li>Procedure ProcessRecord exposed as public, accessible through the public codeunit <b>LSC Replen. Calc. Qtys Public</b>.</li></ul>
<strong>74128 Improve API Resource/Group availability performance</strong>
<ul><li>Improvements were made on the performance of the <b>GetResourceAvailability/GetResourcegroupAvailability API</b> when using SQL query to return the results.  </li><li>This only affects resource groups where the field <b>Usage Time Filtering</b> on the resource group is equal to <b>Resource Single Day Time</b>,  using an SQL query to summarize the resource reservation entries.  </li><li>Also now the populating of temporary table is only done if number of interval entries (in the interval setup) is more than 30 and the total number of reservation entries in scope are less than 5000.  <ul><li>This means that populating temporary table is not really going to benefit if the number of intervals is low (i.e. for example 30 minutes intervals or hour intervals would be much less).  </li><li>The higher the number of interval entries then the number of queries will increase accordingly.  </li></ul></li><li>This means that populating temporary table is not really going to benefit if the number of intervals is low (i.e. for example 30 minutes intervals or hour intervals would be much less).  </li><li>The higher the number of interval entries then the number of queries will increase accordingly.  </li><li>If the dataset in scope is large number of records (that is over 5000 entries), then the time populating the temporary table is too much overhead to be worth doing.  <ul><li>However, partners can intercept these values using a subscriber if there is need to either enforce the population of temporary table or to skip the temporary table process.</li></ul></li><li>However, partners can intercept these values using a subscriber if there is need to either enforce the population of temporary table or to skip the temporary table process.</li></ul>
<strong>72050 LSC SE - Display information about electronic receipt been issued Y/N</strong>
<ul><li>Details not available.</li></ul>
